[Music]
for a decade
Joan's been eating 1900 calories a day
I've averaged around 2300 quite a few of
them do nuts and burgers how much do you
think you owe I think it's probably
about a hundred eighty Oh more than a
hundred eighty three then should be
around 131 for 135 136 134 we're both in
our 50s and I really don't think we look
like different generations let alone
species so how different are we just
need for you to relax in there sit still
no talking
some of the simplest ways of assessing
aging don't need specialist equipment
ours as good balance is controlled by
your inner ear as you age ear structures
deteriorate and your balance gets worse
what more you can test it by standing on
your weaker leg with your eyes closed if
6.59
not good at all
the average 55 year old should manage
eight seconds near down to yeah living
well for the average 20 year old over 30
seconds most 20 year olds can manage but
it's one of those skills that drops off
dramatically I think you proved the
point
Luigi's methods are rather more
scientific we did a range of other
medical tests including blood tests now
he's about to give us our results feels
fit they'd be in the Headmaster's office
this mail we're waiting for the results
will you give me a stir will I get a
b-minus
Luigi's face tells me that what I'm
about to hear is not good news total
body fat in Joseph is 11.5% this is
typical of a super athlete you know this
eleven percent body fat it's it's very
low for a fifty fifty four fifty five
years old man
yours is 27.1% fat third of your body's
fat thank you for making that point so
emphatically and he's still not done
talking about my fat the abdominal fat
is around 30% abdominal fat is really
the bad guy the higher the abdominal fat
the higher the risk of developing type 2
diabetes cardiovascular disease no doubt
about it it is also risk factor for
cancer so basically your cardio
metabolic profile it's it's not good for
your age I mean you know I think you
know you should do
something to improve it what we can say
is that Joseph is not going to develop
cardiovascular disease it's impossible
to develop stroke myocardial infarction
or heart failure these three diseases
are responsible for 40% of the death now
in US and UK no Chancellor that I mean
one in a million and if I were to go on
to Joe's life stuff yeah in a year you
are gonna you're gonna be cured I now
understand what Luigi means
it is as if we were two different
species Joe's diet seems to be keeping
his organs in pristine condition my diet
is undermining my health and fast
[Music]
you